Update assign-change-or-remove-a-phone-number-for-a-user.md (#6745)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/assign-change-or-remove-a-phone-number-for-a-user.md

description: "Learn how to assign, change, or remove a work phone number for your Teams users so outside businesses and clients can call in."
---

# Assign, change, or remove a phone number for a user (Calling Plans)

> When you set up Calling Plans, you assign phone numbers to your users. In Microsoft Teams, the phone number you assign is listed when a user clicks **Calls**. If you're looking for instructions to assign, change or remove a phone number from a user for a Direct Routing scenario, please consult [Enable users for Direct Routing, voice, and voicemail](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/direct-routing-enable-users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set up Calling Plans, you assign phone numbers to your users. In Microsoft Teams, the phone number you assign is listed when a user clicks **Calls**. If you're looking for instructions to assign, change or remove a phone number from a user for a Direct Routing scenario, please see [Enable users for Direct Routing, voice, and voicemail](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/direct-routing-enable-users).
```

4. To assign or change the associated emergency location, under **Emergency location**, search for and then select the location.
5. Depending on whether you want to send an email to the user with their phone number information, turn off or turn on **Email user with telephone number information**. By default, this is on. 
6. Click **Save**.

> PowerShell example provided at [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a PowerShell example, please see [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps).

```

8. To assign or change the associated emergency location, under **Emergency location**, search for and then select the location.
9. Click **Save**.

> PowerShell example provided at [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a PowerShell example, please see [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps).
```

3. On the **Phone numbers** page, select the number that you identified in step 2, and then click **Edit**.  
4. In the **Edit** pane, under **Assigned to**, click the **X** to remove the user.
5. Click **Save**.

> PowerShell example provided at [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a PowerShell example, please see [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)
```

[Emergency calling terms and conditions](/microsoftteams/emergency-calling-terms-and-conditions)

[Emergency Calling disclaimer label](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness/blob/live/Teams/downloads/emergency-calling/emergency-calling-label-(en-us)-(v.1.0).zip?raw=true)

> [Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceuser?view=skype-ps)
```

> [Calling Plans for Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/calling-plans-for-office-365)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Calling Plans for Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/calling-plans-for-office-365)
```
